# Conditional Image Synthesis with Auxiliary Classifier GANs

From the title and abstract, we know that this paper is about combining the GAN and supervised learning. Also, in this paer, the new analyses about the discriminability and diversity of samples are given. Their approach is to add some structure to GAN latent space and a specialized cost function. The difference of the discriminability means that high resolution is greater. Their metric means that the mode collapse is little. Every generated sample has a corresponding label, and thus a picture is generated by the code and a label. Then a discriminator classify the image is fake or not and the label is fake or not. It provides stability and, beyond this, the model gives more about the output resolution and variability. The result is the ensemble of 100 AC-GANs, each trained on 10-class split. The dataset is [^Imagenet] ImageNet. The measure of the discriminability is ad hoc [^adhoc]. The aim of this work is to give a measure to give quantitaive measures in order to aid the measure. high resolution is more than bilinear interpolation and class condition is important. The resolution is higher and the result is better, which is interpreted as discriminability increase (meaning the objective the discriminator is bigger.)

If the model collapse to one mode, it is not interesting enough. The paper uses MS-SSIM, but the definition is not clear enough. To see whether the model is overfitting, they use the trick to interpolate in the latent space.

The paer is great, I love and I understand.

However, I find the paper is rejected by ICLR [^ICLR]. They all pointed out the slopiness and non-novelness of the paper.

[^Imagenet]: http://www.image-net.org/about-stats	"There is the statistical data about ImageNet, and bear in mind that the total number of label is 1000."
[^adhoc]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_hoc	"a Latin phrase meaning ' for this '"
[^ICLR]: https://openreview.net/forum?id=BkDDM04Ke	"Reviewers' idea about the paper"